SQL Practice Application with Streamlit

Welcome to the SQL Practice Application Project. This project provides a Streamlit application that allows users to practice SQL questions on small databases and view the corrected answers. The repository contains the necessary scripts to launch the app.py Streamlit application.
Repository Content
1. app.py

This is the main application script. Running this script will launch the Streamlit application for SQL practice.
2. init_db.py

This script initializes the databases used in the application. It sets up the required data structures and populates the databases with initial data.
3. test_db.py

This script contains tests to ensure that the databases are correctly initialized and that the SQL queries return the expected results.
4. data

This directory contains the small databases used for SQL practice questions. Each database is structured to provide a variety of SQL query challenges.
5. answers

This directory contains the SQL questions and their corresponding corrected answers. Each question is designed to test different aspects of SQL querying skills.
6. requirements.txt

This file lists the required libraries to run the Streamlit application.
Prerequisites

To run the application, you need to have Python 3.8 or later installed along with the required libraries listed in requirements.txt.
Installation

    Clone this repository to your local machine:

    bash

git clone https://github.com/ThomasCouloud/sql-practice-app.git
cd sql-practice-app

Create a virtual environment and activate it:

bash

python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows, use `venv\Scripts\activate`

Install the required libraries:

bash

pip install -r requirements.txt

Initialize the databases:

bash

python init_db.py

(Optional) Run tests to ensure everything is set up correctly:

bash

    python test_db.py

Running the Application

To run the Streamlit application, use the following command in your terminal:

bash

streamlit run app.py

This will open the Streamlit interface in your default web browser, where you can start practicing SQL questions.